Fix 1-4 interpolation for core-dummy interactions (#1856)
OpenFreeEnergy/openfe: news/interpolation_setting_update.rst

**Added:**

* <news item>

**Changed:**

> * The default value for the Hybrid topology protocol setting ``turn_off_core_unique_exceptions`` has been changed to ``True`. This means 1-4 interactions involving the unique alchemical atoms and core regions will now be interpolated on/off accordingly by default PR #1856.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The default value for the Hybrid TopologyProtocol setting ``turn_off_core_unique_exceptions`` has been changed to ``True`. This means 1-4 interactions involving the unique alchemical atoms and core regions will now be interpolated on/off accordingly by default PR #1856.
```
